>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
let me hop into our app here.
So let's look at this route.
If we go down to the App Routing Module,
it's right here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So item/id.
Now, notice
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm now routing to
an ItemComponent.
So I'll show you what that is in just
a second.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
we'll go one.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I have no idea what
happened there.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Is it,
hold on.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You can see now
it's pre-populating with the red item.
What if we change it here?
Orange, oops.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
so on.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now, what's happening
is, you'll notice here,
it's just the item details component.
Because this is a presentation component,
what I did, and I recommend for
every route, having a container component,
and then a presentation components.
So that if we go here to
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's
around here somewhere.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
I is after H apparently.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What do you
think we'll see in here?
If ItemComponent is a container component,
what is it going to contain?
Just
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: The basic layout.
So it's just saying,
these are the things I want in here.
It's actually not doing any real layout
itself, other than to arrange its
presentational components on the page.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
you'll notice, we're passing in an item.
So this is why this item component exists,
and if I click in here,
it's still the same presentation or
component, there's nothing in here.
And so, I've just creating this wrapper
because I do not want item detail
component to have to worry about
how's it's getting it's data.
I just wanna pass it in and let it render.
So, that if we go here
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Just defining this,
and then we're pulling it off of this.
>> Speaker 2: I
don't understand the sign there.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I think
there's a reason,
I just actually did a variation of this.
Let's see if we can figure this
out real quick.
>> Speaker 3: I think it's converted to
a number.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That might be,
there are some kind of interesting
JavaScript like coercion style,
I bet that's what it is.
I think it's shorthand for
like take this and
convert it into a number.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Clever.
I think,
I expect like Kyle Simpson to jump out,
like give us a high five right now,
this is a master of coercion,
and what's actually happening under
the hood and what's the scope and stuff.
By the way, his courses here are amazing
and his books are phenomenal.
I was kind of hoping you would pull like
a kool aid man right now and just like,
boom, yeah, JavaScript coercion.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Thank God for
post production.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
do we have any questions
about how this is working?
We're simply creating a route,
creating a parameter, and then.
So route with a parameter
that we can change.
And then in our container component we're
just capturing that stream that's coming
off the route, and then using it
to make a call to the server and
get the data that we actually want.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Having
tried to do this through other means
in about three times the code or more,
I'm pretty happy we're doing
this in the three lines of code.
It's pretty awesome.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So on that note,
it's two o'clock,
let's take a ten minute break.
After I answer your question [SOUND].
>> Speaker 2: I can do
patternmap.map, and modify the parameter,
and then do a search pattern, right?
Because it is a stream, so I mean if
I have to do a validation before or
something like that.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
that's a good question.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's see what
happens.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Map
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And from here
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so now I'm
actually curious.
>> Speaker 2: You'll have to do params is
equal to.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: No should return-
>> Speaker 2: ID is equal to.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What am I missing
here?
Param.
>> Speaker 2: ID equal to
something.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: No,
okay I see where's throwing up.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And I just want to see
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So we use do for
side effects.
You rarely need to do this, but
occasionally you'll need that
something to happen in parallel.
And so that's what we use this for.
>> Speaker 2: So
in param elements it will-
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So it'll just do it,
but ideally you're just doing it for
side effects.
You're actually not affecting the strip.
So let's say something was coming in, and
you needed to actually send another piece
of it somewhere else for whatever reason.
I generally use it for
debugging, I just need to see what's
actually going through the stream.
So actually this would be a #protip,
that if you kinda wanna see
what's going on in the stream, or
is this turning out the way that I want,
sometimes I'll just drop a do in there.
That sounded horrible.
At least it's working.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
yes ID is one.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Two,
so you can see here,
two is tracing it out.
So good catch.
I mean that's it, it's like.
When you are working
with observable streams,
if you find yourself having to
fiddle with the data don't do that.
Use an operator.
Most often than not,
I don't like having to do this,
let me just map it to what
I really need it first.
You could do it inline, but
to me this reads a lot better,
because you can actually
follow the transformation,
we're taking the parameters, we're turning
it into an ID that is returning an item.